What thirteen is he so miserable?
Your Highness, this is what the villain saw with his own eyes
The thirteenth brother seems to have underestimated you for his brother
Are you going to be amazing at the wedding banquet?
Thirteen emperors tolerated for many years
I'm sure the plot is unknown.
Then don't let him live to this day
Princess
There is a new Hershey in Huamanlou
You listen
I wish to be a flywing bird in heaven
The earth is willing to be a joint branch
By whom?
It was a young man at the flower feast
unknown name
If I were to marry the 13th prince
Half his talent
I am satisfied
Today, the Fourth Prince is obviously plotting something wrong
I don't know what my father is thinking
What do you think?